# Arizona Research Bazaar website

### Technologies used:

- [Quarto](https://nodejs.org/)

## Getting Started

### 1\. [Install Quarto](https://quarto.org/docs/get-started/)

### 2\. Clone this Repository

```
git clone https://github.com/resbazaz/website.git
```

### 3. Previewing changes

This should build the website on your machine, serve it locally. This should automatically open a browser window, showing any changes as you make them:

```
cd website
quarto preview
```

## How to contribute

### Saving and pushing changes

TODO: basic git fork + commit + PR flow

### Editing page contents

TODO: document qmd files, `_quarto.yml`

### Updating page components

TODO: link to quarto docs

We have a few custom elements, in the `components` directory (documentation about each should be in the corresponding file):

- [randomAvatars](https://github.com/resbazaz/website/blob/main/components/randomAvatars.ojs)

### Customizing styles

TODO: Alpine, Tailwind stuff

### Changing how Github builds and deploys the site

TODO: document `.github/workflows/build.yml`

### Data about people

`data/people.json` is a collection of public GitHub profiles, for people in our organization. It is used to create various visual elements, such as the `randomAvatars` widget, or the `nodeLinkDiagram` visualization on the "Who We Are" page.

This file is automatically generated whenever a branch is merged to `main`. For details on how this works, see [Changing how Github builds and deploys the site](#changing-how-github-builds-and-deploys-the-site).

A few things to be careful about:

1. To update who is shown, what teams are shown, etc., you should edit the `resbazaz` GitHub organization Teams and encourage members to updaite their GitHub profiles, instead of editing `data/people.json` directly.
2. The information in your local repository may not always be up to date. For the latest information, especially when you're developing locally, navigate to `https://researchbazaar.arizona.edu/data/people.json`, and download it to replace `data/people.json`
3. Although this is currently just a copy of publicly-available information, please keep in mind that it's still data about people! Especially if we adapt this process to include more than public GitHub profiles, where this data is stored / how it is collected may need to be revised.

### Reconfiguring the site's infrastructure

TODO: document `_quarto.yml`

---

# TODO: finish and delete this stuff

- Create Who We Are page

- Decide what to do with the blog

- Figure out redirects for old festival links

- Copy code of conduct md from organization repo as part of build?

- DONATE NOW button (stuff about our opencollective)

- Actually include full instructions for editing + adding things in the README

- Need to update the github build workflow to only run when pushing to main
